Chris Robinson behind the scenes here
respected trainer Joe Diaz just curious
you know you know Manny Pacquio very
well what was your thoughts on his
knockout loss to my kids well it was an
explosive knockout they know each other
really really well and Manny Pacquiao
has a habit and it's a habit that he
always does in fight and it was you know
what I I honestly I honestly didn't
think it wasn't happen that way but the
way it happened it made sense you know
Marcus really really timed that punch he
he knows him so well there I mean he
just waited for the fake jab and then as
he lunched in let go of the right hand
he got him when Bradley was in training
for the fight you know we we were
working on the same punch but it was it
was a little different style with
friendly and then his foot was hurt but
you know Mark is really did a great job
and if I he really timed it he he worked
on it if you see videos of his training
for the preparation for the fight he
really did in training so I mean don't
blame our kids you know I'm a lot of
people are talking about him using some
some performance enhancements or
whatever he just did his homework that's
all you know he did it he did a great
job and you know he really put in some
time he did his homework and he got a
great great good graders test ok what do
you think Manny Pacquiao's should go
from here after a loss like that well if
many wants to come back he me as a
trainer i think he needs he needs an
easier fight you know an easy fight to
you know just build up his confidence
again because with the last like that
you know a fighter sort of like the
moral Isis himself a little bit but I
mean he's a great fighter take nothing
away from Manny I've been a big fan of
hanging for years but you know I mean
it's just Marquez manmarcus really
really did his work but he did his horn
now to your fighter Tim Bradley he had
always shown interest in a fight with
Marquez do you think if that scenario
comes into play next year what do you
think of that fight well you know that's
a that's a fight data that well I mean
it makes make sense i mean same comes
from from a win with patio you know i
mean this is the way people see it but I
mean I know that going in the ring
against a Marquez you know everything is
against us because of the devastating
knockout the mark gets put on patio but
you know I just think that a Bradley
styles make fights and I don't think
Marcus would do the same thing to
Bradley that he did to back to back down
okay